Update metadata changes SOPs (#1467)
HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema: docs/release_process.md

        git commit -a -m "Ran release_prepare.py script."
        git push origin <name_of_pull_request_branch>

1. **Merge** the PR into `staging` immediately.

> 1. **Delete** the PR branch, unless otherwise noted by the person who opened the PR.

Author: in which cases should we wait before deleting the branch?

Reviewer: I'm guessing it would be in case of a complicated PR to make sure everything works as planned but I'm pretty sure it's always possible to restore the branch from the PR.

> 

Author: Are step 10 and 11 (see below) still relevant?
10. Mark any linked GitHub issues with the "done" label, and then close the issue.
11. Check the changes in versions have been picked up by checking the #hca-schema-pub-announce slack channel

Reviewer 2: @willrockout OH! I forgot to tell you guys, some time ago alegria fixed this but moved it to the AIT slack... I have sent you an invitation. Now the channel is called hca-schema-pub-announce

>    [**WARNING**:Environments outdated] See example of *develop* to *integration* release PR [here](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema/pull/665) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   See example of *staging* to *master* release PR [here](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema/pull/1456) 
```
